README.md, before:

## clinical:ui-vocabulary


Package to provide semantic CSS classes to your app.  Based on Bootstrap3.  


=========================
#### Installation

Simply nstall the clinical-ui-vocabulary package from the command line, like so:

````js
meteor add clinical:ui-vocabulary
````

Then feel free to use the following CSS classes in your application.  

=========================
#### Vocabulary - Anchoring  

- fixed-layout
- left-anchored
- right-anchored
- bottom-anchored
- top-anchored
- right-aligned
- left-aligned
- absolute-layout
- fixed-layout

=========================
#### Vocabulary - Borders  

- gray-border
- with-rounded-corners

=========================
#### Vocabulary - Fonts  

- monospace  

=========================
#### Vocabulary - Haptics  

- clickable
- unselectable

=========================
#### Vocabulary - Padding

- well-behaved  
- padded
- padded-horizontal, with-horizontal-padding, horizontally-padded
- padded-vertical, with-vertical-padding, vertically-padded
- with-right-padding
- with-left-padding

- without-padding, nopadding, no-padding
- without-right-padding
- without-left-padding
- without-top-padding
- without-bottom-padding
- without-vertical-padding
- without-horizontal-padding

=========================
#### Vocabulary - Colors

- dark
- light
- white
- black
- gray
- lightgray
- darkgray
- transparent
- glass
- fog
- mostly-opaque
- red
- blue
- green
- maroon
- etc

Commit message:

removed dependency on specific less version

README.md, after:

## clinical:ui-vocabulary

version of this repo removing dependency on specific less version

## clinical:ui-vocabulary

Package to provide semantic CSS classes to your app.  Based on Bootstrap3.  

=========================
#### Installation

Simply nstall the clinical-ui-vocabulary package from the command line, like so:

````js
meteor add clinical:ui-vocabulary
````

Then feel free to use the following CSS classes in your application.  

=========================
#### Vocabulary - Anchoring  

- fixed-layout
- left-anchored
- right-anchored
- bottom-anchored
- top-anchored
- right-aligned
- left-aligned
- absolute-layout
- fixed-layout

=========================
#### Vocabulary - Borders  

- gray-border
- with-rounded-corners

=========================
#### Vocabulary - Fonts  

- monospace  

=========================
#### Vocabulary - Haptics  

- clickable
- unselectable

=========================
#### Vocabulary - Padding

- well-behaved  
- padded
- padded-horizontal, with-horizontal-padding, horizontally-padded
- padded-vertical, with-vertical-padding, vertically-padded
- with-right-padding
- with-left-padding

- without-padding, nopadding, no-padding
- without-right-padding
- without-left-padding
- without-top-padding
- without-bottom-padding
- without-vertical-padding
- without-horizontal-padding

=========================
#### Vocabulary - Colors

- dark
- light
- white
- black
- gray
- lightgray
- darkgray
- transparent
- glass
- fog
- mostly-opaque
- red
- blue
- green
- maroon
- etc
